huhuhuhu
Yes, so I want to hear about your music.
Yeah***Oh
Oh really
Again, like Ok
yes
ohhh
correct
yeah
hahuhuhu
Oh, really? Oh because it's not so much obvious, is it?
career potential on or, yeah
Ohhh, ***
ch ohhh..
yeah
Ohhh I see
Yeah yeah..
Ohhh..
Ohhh, huhuhuu
Oh, did you enjoy it as a child?
really? Okay
where why are you taking, can I listen to time, or else ***
Did you start when you were like? Oh my goodness, that is young.
Yeah yeah yeah yeah,
yes Huhuhahaaa
Ohhh... And how long did you continue? um
Or did your parents did your parents make you?
Avpiano want just throughout I think, still now
yes
***
Okay. yeah
Yeah, that's correct
near
ch ohh..
wow...
yeah, yes
yes
Yes.. ch, ohh..
Yes. yeah ***
ch oh.. okay, oh.., wow
Yes, Yeah.
Oh huhuha
And that's that's what I assume because of your, you know, that you're saying.
into music and your profession, that that is your hobby.
almost assumed that you had this um passion for art.
or exactly that's what you do during your off hours too. huhuh
ahw..
Yes, yes, huhuhuhuh
Oh... oh that's very Interesting.
Correct, yes
Not at all. um..
No. I've never been to a piano lesson since I was like this young. Yeah, I mean
They made you play the recorder huhuhuh in elementary school. That that's so funny.
I never went into bed, I never did any of that.
So maybe I just never um even allowed myself.
So much objects for music. It was never something that.
I had a keen interest in dating either, um not ah necessarily
Ah Music is not necessarily something that
hugely gravitate toward. I can listen to any type of music, um
Just end up, but it it it ends up being more of the background noise.
Music, like it's not something that I get super passionate about.
So I I guess it just never drew me in that way, um, although
piano is something that i always thought oh it would be nice, so um
But again, um, yeah, never, never.
got into that
Yeah, ch oh...ch
Yes, yes
Ohhh..., oh
Oh really, oh
It's deeply in the other like it's hard or
Oh, not the same way. Oh, wow.
yes, yes
Ohh... yes
ch ahw, yes
Oh yes. that's nice
ch Oh right.